Apply review comments. Add debug support (#7)
gardener/gardener-custom-metrics: docs/development/README.md

> ### To debug gardener-custom-metrics (GCMx):
> - Prerequisite: [Gardener local dev setup]
> - Open a terminal
> - Set current directory to project root
> - Point $KUBECONFIG to the K8s cluster from the [Gardener local dev setup]
> - Run `make debug`:
>   - This is a blocking call
>   - It builds and deploys a debug-instrumented pod to the cluster
>   - It forwards the pod's log output to the console window
>   - It forwards localhost:56268 to the debugger port for the pod
> - Attach debugger to localhost:56268. At this point, if you place a breakpoint somewhere, it should be hit.
> 
> ### To build and publish GCMx:
> <mark>These instructions are a work in progress and may contain errors</mark>
> - Open a terminal
> - Set current directory to project root
> - Run `make docker-build`
> - Run `make docker-login`
> - Run `make docker-push`
> 
> [Gardener local dev setup]: https://gardener.cloud/docs/gardener/deployment/getting_started_locally

Reviewer: Cosmetic markdown suggestions:

```suggestion
> 🚧 Note: This is a WIP document.

### Debugging gardener-custom-metrics

1. Make sure that you have a running local Gardener setup. The steps to complete this can be found in the [Deploying Gardener Locally guide](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/deployment/getting_started_locally.md).

1. In a new terminal, navigate to the gardener-custom-metrics project root.

1. Make sure that your `KUBECONFIG` environment variable is targeting the local Gardener cluster.

1. Run `make debug`.

   This is a blocking call.  It builds and deploys a debug-instrumented pod to the cluster. It forwards the pod's log output to the console window. It forwards `localhost:56268` to the debugger port for the pod.

1. Attach debugger to `localhost:56268`.

   At this point, if you place a breakpoint somewhere, it should be hit.

### Building and publishing gardener-custom-metrics container image:

1. In a new terminal, navigate to the gardener-custom-metrics project root.

1. Run `make docker-build` to build container image.

1. Run `make docker-login` to authenticate against Artifact Registry before pushing the image.

1. Run `make docker-push` to push the container image.

```
